hey guys so I know a lot of you have
been waiting to see what my German pics
are for the month of January I do have a
few things to show you but overall I
don't really feel like this month's
showroom was really my style actually
feel like it was kind of all over the
place with the different pieces that
they had in there which can be good and
bad depending on what you like but I
have a couple pieces that I loved right
off the bat and then a couple others
that I needed to really work with and
try and style for me to be able to wear
them so I'm just going to get into the
ones that I liked best first of course
so the first one is one that I liked
right off the bat this is the Madison
Avenue ring and this is actually sold
out right now but I'm sure they're gonna
be bringing it back this one was really
popular and this is the one that I've
seen most people have it's just a really
cool kind of armor ish type looking ring
I'll show you the close up obviously but
I don't know i really like it i did
order size 7 and it fits perfectly i
would say it almost fits a little bit
smaller than true to size because it's
got this weird kind of square shape to
it instead of just being circular so
keep that in mind when ordering if you
have larger knuckles or anything like
that you might have a hard time getting
it over it but other than that I think
this fits really really well it's a
heavy piece it's a solid piece I don't
really have that much to say about it
it's pretty much what you see is what
you get and I don't know I really like
it it's sort of a girlier but tough
piece I don't know it's hard to explain
if you guys remember my jewel meant
video before when I had that armor ring
and I was like I don't think I can
really wear this this is a nice
alternative to that ring because i feel
like i can wear this and i feel like i
can pull this ring off but it still
gives me sort of that edgy tough look
that I would be looking for so the next
piece i'm going to show you is the one
that i've been wearing the most this
month and I feel like it's probably the
easiest one to wear and style out of all
the other ones i'm going to show you so
this is the plume divine necklace and
it's just a really long necklace with a
double chain and it has two clusters of
these two tone feathers at the bottom so
this is a cool necklace in the respect
that it's really easy to style you can
pretty much wear with anything you know
if you're wearing a tank top or just a
plain shirt and a jacket or something
just to kind of break up the different
sections and whatnot this is the longest
necklace that I have from Joel meant so
that's kind of a plus and a minus I know
for some of my shorter friends they were
like all it's kind of long but for me it
worked out really well I'm not super
tall and like 56 or almost 56 so not too
bad um it goes down to my belly button
though so it's definitely a longer piece
which is cool because you can wear it
with different pieces and layer it and
do whatever you need to do with it but
if you wanted to you can always you know
double it over I think it looks the best
just kind of as is one of the things
that I like the most about this other
than the fact that it's two tone what
you guys know that I like to tell metal
not everyone likes that but it makes it
a lot easier to wear but it has a really
different clasp so if you look at it
right here it actually has the lobster
claw in the center of the two feather
clusters I guess you would call it so it
just closes like that which I don't
really see what the benefit of that
would be really since it's so long but
it's just kind of a cool little nifty
detail I don't know the chain is pretty
much the same as the Empress necklace or
the LeBeau necklace where it has the
black and gold's different colors on the
chain and to me this is just a really
easy piece to wear it pretty much goes
with anything so those are my two
favorite pieces for this month the next
to that i'm going to show you our ones
that i like but i don't think are
anything to go crazy over the first is
the heart of cloves bracelet and i just
think this is cute it could be a nice
layering piece it's nice by itself it's
nothing too unique or different but
basically what it is is a four-leaf
clover with different colors for each
leaf I think this is a nice layering
piece or if you're wearing one of the
colors like I am today just to kind of
tie it all together the one complaint I
would have about this is that if you
have a smaller wrist which I feel like
my wrist is pretty normal I'm normal too
small I guess it kind of spins around on
you which is not really a big deal if
you're gonna layer it but if you're
wearing it by yourself it's kind of
annoying if it's back here the whole
time so that's the only thing that I
would say about it but overall I'm happy
that I have this but probably wouldn't
be the first choice that I picked from
the website and the next one I'm going
to show you is actually a set these are
the Lady Luck rings and I just think
these are really cute I've never had any
of the other ring sets from jewel meant
before but i really liked some of these
individually so i wanted to give them a
try it's a set of three rings it's got a
copy
rose gold a regular gold and a silver so
that's kind of nice you guys know I like
to mix metals but you also have the
option to wear them individually as well
so it's got a four-leaf clover it has a
wishbone or like a lucky wishbone and
then the gold one just has a little
plate on it that says love so I think
these were really cute again I got these
in a size 7 and they fit true to size
they're almost a little bit big but not
bad they fit very comfortably and I
don't know these are just kind of a cute
little thing to have again I wouldn't go
crazy over these because they're just
kind of simple plain rings but if you
had a credit or if you are looking for
something like this I think it's a good
choice for that and then the last two
that i'm going to show you our kind of
the wild card pieces that i chose so
you've seen me wear these before these
are the wing it earrings and feather
earrings have been really popular for
the last couple seasons i don't
personally own any but was always
curious to kind of try it out so when I
saw these and saw that they were a
little bit fancier not so hippyish or
bohemian which is there's nothing wrong
with that sometimes I like that style
but generally i don't really dressed
that way so these were a little bit
fancier but you could definitely dress
them down they have one two three four
crystals and then just these purple
feathers I've worn these like I said in
a video before um I wasn't sure how I
felt about them at first a lot of you
guys have been liking them on me though
where's my okay so here's what they look
like on they are pretty long I think
that these would look better actually in
blond hair than with my dark hair but on
their kind of cool it was a fun way for
me to kind of try out feather earrings I
don't really like the ones that are
straight-up feathers I like the ones
that have the feathers at the bottom
because i feel like i don't know i'm
gonna put it back in but I feel like
sometimes if you guessed just have a
cluster feathers right by your face it
makes your face look like wider this
extends down and then it has it you know
a little bit past your chin so I thought
it was a more flattering set up still
not really sure how I feel about the
feather earrings actually looking in the
viewfinder I kind of like them right now
but I don't know just something
different i guess i've never seen Joanna
do anything like this before so it was
kind of cool that they went with that
trend but overall I don't know if I
really think that these would be worth
the money
and then the last piece that I got are
the fly ball earrings i think they're
called and i liked these right off the
bat on the website but knew i would have
a really difficult time wearing them
because of the colors it's got yellow
like a really dark yellow a lighter
yellow a light blue and a lavender which
is really pretty but it's kind of an odd
combination just reminds me of Easter
for some reason which I guess they were
kind of going in a spring direction but
I have a really hard time finding
something to wear this with so I mean I
don't really like to go the super plain
route with this I think if you had
something floral maybe this would be a
cool touch because it ties right in with
that and normally I'm not to matching
matching with all my stuff but um I
don't know I really like the shape of
them so much and just the feel to them
but like i said the colors are a little
bit more difficult to match i think as
we get more into spring i'll probably
have an easier time finding something to
go with them but as far as right now I
couldn't really find that much to go
with them they're really nice heavy
weight and they just I know they feel
like they're made really well so I do
like them just the finding something to
wear them with would be my only concern
so that's it for all of the stuff that i
got for january i filmed the close-ups a
little bit differently today so
hopefully they came out alright but
we'll see I do have my promo codes back
again I have one for sixty percent off
for new members and twenty percent off
for existing members they did change
that code though so I'll put it in the
infobox below for you guys along with a
link to the website if you need it
that's pretty much it if you have any
questions always feel free to leave them
in the comment section below or tweet me
or whatever you need to do and I will
talk to you guys later